You're hungry at the doctor's house.
You're not even in the world.
I'm not even in the world.
I'm lonely.
You can't sleep all day.
Let's go to the hospital.
No.
You're hungry.
Let's go to the doctor's house.
I'm going to the hospital.
You're smoking.
You're hungry.
Shut up.
You can't be quiet.
You'll be hungry.
Your stomach will be full.
I'm hungry.
Where did you go?
I'm not in the world.
Sit down and puke.
You're not even in the world.
I'm not even in the world.
This won't work. The dog will.
The dog will be a dog.
That's funny.
I'll give you the medicine.
Come and give me the medicine.
This is Kyusuke.
The medicine.
Wait a moment.
I'll give it to you.
I'll give you the blanket.
Oh, I see.
I only had a gold blanket.
What's the problem with that blanket?
Don't do that, Kyusuke.
Don't pester me.
Don't be so stubborn.
Look at the cat's whiskers.
Have you ever been there?
Don't you have a cat's whiskers?
Here is a bowl of water.
I'll give you a cup.
Wait a moment.
You can't push me.
The blanket is too big.
I can't push.
What are you doing?
I'm just trying to help you.
You should be able to stand up.
You're smart.
You're in the hospital.
Here's your medicine.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Will you get better?
I'll get better.
You gave him medicine.
I want to get you a medicine.
I'll give you a small one.
It'll help you get better.
I don't need a medicine.
I don't know if it's good or not, but I want a medicine.
I put it in a bag.
I'll give you a medicine.
I'll give you a medicine every morning, every afternoon, every night.
It's wrong.
That means I give you some water.
I give you a water and you answer no 1.
No 1 city No2?
The double.
Then you'll pour in wasabi.
Wasabi or sauce.
Really?
Don't try to read the menu.
Thank you for watching!